Update compareDocumentPosition index.md (#43500)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/node/comparedocumentposition/index.md

An integer value representing `otherNode`'s position relative to `node`
as a [bitmask](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mask_(computing)>) combining the

> following constant properties of {{domxref("Node")}} or `0` if the position is the same:

Reviewer: Thanks very much. This is true, but it's confusing way to say that the nodes are the same.

```suggestion
following constant properties of {{domxref("Node")}} or `0` if `otherNode` is the same as this node:
```
